added release notes for 10.17.0.371 (#351)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-17-0/applications-10-17-0-bundle/applications-10-17-0-371.md

---
weight: 43
title: 10.17.0.371
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.17.0.365 - 10.17.0.371-->

### Fixes

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;">
<col style="width:50%;">
<col style="width: 10%;">
<col style="width: 12%;">
<col style="width: 13%;">
</colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Product area</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
<th>
Build version</th>
<th>Build comp.</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>
<td>If the Cockpit application was configured to remove all common tabs on group or device level, the button to add dashboards was also unintentionally removed. This has been addressed.</td>
<td>MTM-56025</td>
<td>10.17.0.369</td>
<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Web SDK</td>

> <td>Fixed an issue with <code>c8ycli locale-extract</code> on Windows where the extracted <i>locales.pot</i> file didn´t contain any entries.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Fixed an issue with <code>c8ycli locale-extract</code> on Windows where the extracted <i>locales.pot</i> file didn't contain any entries.</td>

```
